okay so let me set this thing up so you
can see me so why don't I always check
my you don't want its cuz I'm always in
front of the mirror every time I'm in
front of the mirror I'm all you gotta
check my shit so listen to this or are
you guys ready alright so it's like I
don't know what time is it like I don't
know 1230 I don't know 1238 night right
and I'm like I'm like do a bore I got
nothing to do i'm sitting here watching
history channel planning out some shit
right and uh Mike I want some of those
are those chips with the hint of lime
you know and you put it in like sour
cream and shit so good right it's like
my thing now and I want great juice cuz
i have i'm on this big grape juice cake
so anyway so I'm like yo it's like 1230
nobody's home frooties in like Iowa
everybody's doing something I la la so
I'm bored so I I put on my clothes and
everything and you know I put on my like
Woody and everything this is kind of
cold outside right so get grabbed my
hoodie blah blah blah start walking I'm
walking down the street and I see cops
everywhere you know there's always cops
in the neighborhood you know hoodlums
whatnot so here I am I'm walking in
these cops like slow down they like look
at me and I was like kind eyes did
whatever you know mind my own business
and all of a sudden like I fucking hear
the tires squeal and turn around and
they pull up right behind me they shine
like a light on me and I'm like hey
what's going on man and these
motherfuckers jump out with their guns
out there like get your hands on your
fucking pocket and I'm like whoa I'm
like yo what's going on because I know I
didn't do anything sorry and they're
like where's the fucking knife where's
the fucking knife and I'm like yo I have
a knife for real and like where's the
fucking knife where's the fucking knife
and I'm like dude I got nothing man and
these motherfuckers had their guns like
in my face right and uh so like dudes
like grabbed me put my hands behind my
back and throw me on the hood all
fucking mean and shit and then they
start grab my not to palms my nuts like
they're patting me down dude palms my
nuts and I was like yeah right so do
palms my knots and uh and they're like
searching me and everything and I'm like
yo what's going on what's going on
shut up where's the fucking knife and
I'm like yo I got nothing so they're
yelling at me and dudes gotta come out
there's always cops around me and they
they're like put your hands behind your
back and I'm like yo I got him and then
like they grabbed him threw him back
there and they put the put cuffs on me
right nut butters put cuffs on me I
don't know if you can see this but hold
on can can can you see it like right
there home you can't I can't do this
like right here like here can you see
like you see that little thing they put
the cuffs on me all hard and shit and so
hold on you guys right okay here we go
and so these motherfuckers put the cuffs
on me and they throw me in the backseat
of this cop car right and and like two
of them jump in the front and uh there I
was like yo what's going on what
happened and they didn't say a word to
me and I'm like and then I hear over the
little fucking radio they're like
robbery suspect is wearing all black
black hoodie black and white shoes all
black and I'm like oh fuck figures
figures I to go fucking be all goth
today right so I'm wearing all black
black hoodie bucking like Jews that's
pretty much what I wear all the time
right so I'm in the car and they fucking
pull up to Pompeii and um and I on the
hit on the radio they're like yeah the
Rabia robbery suspect had a beard do
turns around put the light on me and
season I'm like yo I'm like actually
clean shaven today thank God right and
uh and they they they go and they grab
me and pull me out of they pulled me out
and the woman who always waits us on us
at Pompeii is like standing there and
they're like system and she's like no
and I'm like hi I didn't wave but I'm
like hi and they're like well goddamn
you look just like that dude I mean
what's the hot what are the odds and I'm
like hey man you got me and they're like
all right get back in the car will drive
you where you're going with this isn't
going hit drop me off at white hand it's
like get my chips and my lime chips and
sour cream and grape juice and so that's
my story man I just wanted to go get
some chips I just wanted to get some
chips that's all I want I don't want
much I just want chips and grape juice
my lime chips and sour cream and grape
juice
and I get a gun pulled on me not going
guns plural funny it's not even the
first time and I can't pull a gun on me
anyways um um so yeah that was my that
was my evening tonight I mean other than
the fact that I'm you know not with
peoples and did a bunch of shit but
anyways um yeah if you're in Detroit you
should go on sunday and if you're not
you're a pussy because all you
motherfuckers look oh where are you
coming Troy and then I'm like yo I'm
coming to try and you guys like oh okay
go cause I'm pussy so go pussy